README.md, before:

# Book Binder
A Minecraft data pack for generating random books. Mainly meant to be incorporated into other data packs.<br/><br/><br/>


### Functions

> Store your book in the clouds! (disclaimer: only one book can be stored per world)

<br/>

`book_binder:book/upload {no arguments}`: Attempts to upload the pages of the currently held book to storage. Fails if the executer isn't a player with a book and quill or written book in their main-hand. Overwrites any previous data if successful.

`book_binder:book/add_pages {no arguments}`: Attempts to append the pages of the currently held book to the pages within storage. Fails if the executer isn't a player with a book and quill or written book in their main-hand.

`book_binder:book/add_page {page:<string>}`: Appends the data of argument "page" to the pages within storage. Data of argument "page" is treated as a string enclosed in double quotes, even if it wasn't originally. In most cases, I'd suggest using `book_binder:book/add_pages` instead.

`book_binder:book/clear {no arguments}`: Removes all pages within storage. Simple as that.

`book_binder:book/remove_page {page:<integer>}`: Attempts to remove the page at index "page" within storage. Fails if the targeted page doesn't exist.

`book_binder:book/output {no arguments}`: Attempts to create a writen book item entity containing a copy of the pages within storage. Note: said item entity despawns in 2 game ticks, to prevent clutter. Fails if there aren't any pages within storage.

`book_binder:book/generate {pages:<integer>}`: Attempts to create a writen book item entity containing "pages" number of random pages from storage. Note: said item entity despawns in 2 game ticks, to prevent clutter. Each page within storage can occur only once in the generated book, and are randomly arranged in said book. Attempting to generate a book with more pages then what's been stored will result in a book with as many pages as what's in storage. Attempting to use integers less than or equal to one for the argument "pages" results in a book with only one page. Fails if there aren't any pages within storage.
<br/><br/>

> Rearrange the pages into a new book (without affecting the original pages)

<br/>

`book_binder:construct/add {page:<integer>}`: Attempts to append the page at index "page" within storage to a second set of pages within storage. Changes made to one set of pages isn't reflected in the other set. Fails if the targeted page doesn't exist.

`book_binder:construct/remove {page:<integer>}`: Attempts to remove the page at index "page" from the second set of pages within storage. Fails if the targeted page doesn't exist.

`book_binder:construct/output {no arguments}`: Attempts to create a writen book item entity containing a copy of the second set of pages within storage. Note: said item entity despawns in 2 game ticks, to prevent clutter. Fails if there aren't any pages in the second set of pages within storage.

`book_binder:construct/clear {no arguments}`: Removes all pages from the second set of pages within storage.
<br/><br/><br/>

---
Reading all of this back, it sounds kind of confusing. I might make a simple video to demonstrate these functions...

Commit message:

Most likely last commit
Update README.md to note that this project is abandoned and outdated, and removed the remark that I might make a video demonstrating how to use this.

README.md, after:

# Book Binder
A Minecraft data pack for generating random books. Mainly meant to be incorporated into other data packs.<br/>

> [!NOTE]
> This project is most certainly abandoned; I haven't done anything with it in a while, and Minecraft no longer stores item information using NBT. I will, however, leave this repository public so that anyone interested can still look at it.

<br/><br/>
### Functions

> Store your book in the clouds! (disclaimer: only one book can be stored per world)

<br/>

`book_binder:book/upload {no arguments}`: Attempts to upload the pages of the currently held book to storage. Fails if the executer isn't a player with a book and quill or written book in their main-hand. Overwrites any previous data if successful.

`book_binder:book/add_pages {no arguments}`: Attempts to append the pages of the currently held book to the pages within storage. Fails if the executer isn't a player with a book and quill or written book in their main-hand.

`book_binder:book/add_page {page:<string>}`: Appends the data of argument "page" to the pages within storage. Data of argument "page" is treated as a string enclosed in double quotes, even if it wasn't originally. In most cases, I'd suggest using `book_binder:book/add_pages` instead.

`book_binder:book/clear {no arguments}`: Removes all pages within storage. Simple as that.

`book_binder:book/remove_page {page:<integer>}`: Attempts to remove the page at index "page" within storage. Fails if the targeted page doesn't exist.

`book_binder:book/output {no arguments}`: Attempts to create a writen book item entity containing a copy of the pages within storage. Note: said item entity despawns in 2 game ticks, to prevent clutter. Fails if there aren't any pages within storage.

`book_binder:book/generate {pages:<integer>}`: Attempts to create a writen book item entity containing "pages" number of random pages from storage. Note: said item entity despawns in 2 game ticks, to prevent clutter. Each page within storage can occur only once in the generated book, and are randomly arranged in said book. Attempting to generate a book with more pages then what's been stored will result in a book with as many pages as what's in storage. Attempting to use integers less than or equal to one for the argument "pages" results in a book with only one page. Fails if there aren't any pages within storage.
<br/><br/>

> Rearrange the pages into a new book (without affecting the original pages)

<br/>

`book_binder:construct/add {page:<integer>}`: Attempts to append the page at index "page" within storage to a second set of pages within storage. Changes made to one set of pages isn't reflected in the other set. Fails if the targeted page doesn't exist.

`book_binder:construct/remove {page:<integer>}`: Attempts to remove the page at index "page" from the second set of pages within storage. Fails if the targeted page doesn't exist.

`book_binder:construct/output {no arguments}`: Attempts to create a writen book item entity containing a copy of the second set of pages within storage. Note: said item entity despawns in 2 game ticks, to prevent clutter. Fails if there aren't any pages in the second set of pages within storage.

`book_binder:construct/clear {no arguments}`: Removes all pages from the second set of pages within storage.
